Update openai model default from gpt-4o to gpt-4.1 (#115)
posit-dev/chatlas: docs/misc/vocabulary.qmd

It's important to have a rough sense of how text is converted to tokens because tokens are used to determine the cost of a model and how much context can be used to predict the next response. On average an English word needs ~1.5 tokens so a page might require 375-400 tokens and a complete book might require 75,000 to 150,000 tokens. Other languages will typically require more tokens, because (in brief) LLMs are trained on data from the internet, which is primarily in English.

> LLMs are priced per million tokens. State of the art models (like gpt-4.1 or Claude 3.5 sonnet) cost $2-3 per million input tokens, and $10-15 per million output tokens. Cheaper models can cost much less, e.g. gpt-4.1 mini costs $0.15 per million input tokens and $0.60 per million output tokens. Even $10 of API credit will give you a lot of room for experimentation, particularly with cheaper models, and prices are likely to decline as model performance improves.

Author: ```suggestion
LLMs are priced per million tokens. State of the art models (like GPT-4.1 or Claude 3.7 sonnet) cost ~$2 per million input tokens, and ~$10 per million output tokens. Cheaper models can cost much less, e.g. GPT-4.1 mini costs ~$0.25 per million input tokens and ~$1 per million output tokens. Even $10 of API credit will give you a lot of room for experimentation, particularly with cheaper models, and prices are likely to decline as model performance improves.
```
